a good two weeks ago and worked on the highway 1 a truck of the
Mikhail Chloride had a substance declared dangerous
Large amounts of the substance must be seeped into the ground causing damage to the material
Environment was considerable
Every day then trucks with such dangerous goods on the streets in the
As a result, several hundred thousand tons become more explosive in the Bergisch Land every year
Cargo transported across the region
The legal requirements for this are becoming strict but constant
renewed for this reason has today the IHK wuppertal-solingen-remscheid
Forwarders in the region informed about new conditions
to help prevent accidents in the future
For about 20 years it is old the regulation for the transport of dangerous goods
These pictures are there again and again if Bülow played through but one
Dangerous goods transport crashed
the consequences are often drastic
The last case in Bergisches Land two weeks ago is divorced
MITAC he pours himself over the a 1
Hazardous goods from solvents to highly toxic chemicals Digel
Industry needs and produces in abundance
But the company alone raises about 37,000 tons of dangerous goods per year
the street
In order to avoid risks working five games have Zion together also
Dangerous goods are specialized
Drivers without dangerous goods training appropriate proof can me
not only on the site
The tanker trucks are also considered relatively safe
too obvious are the risks for all concerned
For years, the smaller ones were always the problem for companies
Higher safety requirements of the legislator caused high costs
the forwarding company Monfort did not belong to the problem children as a company
250 truck trains nationwide
who can not afford bad news
That is why they pay attention to compliance with Niebels' own declarations
the regulations
before each single use Prof
we have the vehicles
according to each from Brussels
who from the direction of Nuremberg personal protective equipment
the toolbox for motorcycle tours why the faithful
the GVS Schiller
The wm crown is attached to other occupations item
We will then have to be charged if they risk Godin
charged for labeling
In addition, our staff becomes the legally required school
annually trained in-house
According to theory, hardly anything can go wrong here should one think so
but danger points can not be excluded it is not enough in the
Bergisches Land
because where trucks have to use such roads, the risks are close to a gradient
of ten percent are not uncommon a failure of the brakes one would like
hardly think even here without dangerous goods on the loading area
but the dangerous goods commissioned weighed
the topography theirs
which makes special demands about formally also the organizer was not
underestimate
Weller guinea pig aggravating form
the accused
Become women
but there was just track coach Schröder with outrageous
this confluence with phenomena indicates a very different problem
because despite always more detailed and dangerous goods regulations many smaller ones
Shipping companies are struggling to survive with dangerous consequences
Rally drive over the social regulations and try percent
with shrill staffing to maximize sales
Because of the cost as well as this trade is im immense
To survive, game becomes tense York - more so hip
that means it really only there if the big before companies the
Standards decency meet
as long as the black sheep of the industry are on the street
safety is often left behind
Franconia